# Calculators

The 'Calculators' contract provide three sets of descriptive statistics - those that describe the LST level performance, those that describe the Dex level performance and incentive token pricing. All base contracts exist in the 'base' folder. The 'BaseStatsCalculator' captures common behavior across all the calculators, performs security checks and general rollup behavior.
The three sets are described below.

1. **LST Statistics** - The base contract is 'LSTCalculatorBase'. This includes the general implementation for the LST statistics calculation including time for snapshot for stats such as base APR and slashing events. It also describes the filtering process (inclusive of filter initialization) used to post-process the measurements made during each snapshot event.
   The protocol specific implementation of the LST statistics calculator exists outside of the base folder. Those are 'RethLSTCalculator', 'StethLSTCalculator', 'SwethLSTCalculator' & 'CbethLSTCalculator'.
2. **DEX Statistics** - The base contract for DEX level statistics exist in the base folder . Just like the LST contract, these implement the common filter logic used for fee APR and related processing. They are 'CurvePoolNoRebasingCalculator', 'CurvePoolRebasingCalculator', 'BalancerStablePoolCalculatorBase'. These describe the common implementation inherited by the specific DEX statistics contracts - 'CurveV1PoolNoRebasingStatsCalculator', 'CurveV1PoolRebasingStatsCalculator'.
3. **Incentive Pricing** - The contract 'IncentivePricingStats' models the post-processing needed to provide a robust estimate of incentive pricing to the LMP. This is to be used to determine the incentive APR in units of ETH. The logic implements two filters - slow & fast. The final estimate of incentive price is the combination of the two filters. The snapshots for price is taken at randomized intervals triggered by a external cronjob. Thus, the method 'snapshot' in this contract is permissioned implemented with a modifier 'OnlyStatsSnapshot'. This modifier requires that the caller must have a registered role for triggering snapshots.
